[docs] Document new maxSessions config option (#151268)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/session-management.asciidoc

xpack.security.session.cleanupInterval: "1d"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--

[[session-max-sessions]]
==== Maximum number of concurrent sessions

> By default, there are no limit to the maximum number of concurrent sessions in {kib}.

Reviewer: The wording here feels ambiguous. What do you think about something like this?

```suggestion
By default, there is no limit to the maximum number of concurrent sessions each user can have in {kib}.
```

> To add a limit use the `xpack.security.session.сoncurrentSessions.maxSessions` configuration option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a limit, use the `xpack.security.session.сoncurrentSessions.maxSessions` configuration option.
```
